JOIN OUR -PRIVATE TELEGRAM- CHANNEL
 
HACKING -       https://t.me/Wolf_Squad
Shopping Deals - https://t.me/Deal_Looters
18+ PORN -      https://t.me/Hot_PornVideos
             ------OR------
JUST SEARCH @Wolf_Squad / @Deal_Looters / @Hot_PornVideos In Telegram


CentOS and Red Hat Linux to Certified System Administrator
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQNGxEUC1vRzM3YzA

The complete developers guide to mongodb
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQUGtMTXQtTmRGaWc

The Complete Android N Developer Course
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQQTBkUGVvYkE5OU0

Spring Framework Certification Training
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQX0Jaams5NTJoOTQ

Python for data structures algorithms and interviews
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQWVdBbVJDRFltTEk

Present with confidence
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQM1RKYkxYR1RnY2s

Penetration testing
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQNERPN1lGb3lHd28

Mastering Mobile App Design With Sketch 3
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQYUlyYjBkTWtTNnc

Learn python full
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQeERSTEk3YTJVdkk

learn angular 2 from beginner to advanced
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQNkxGT3VBU2lRUHc

Learn android with creating apps
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQdURSUk5FSjNKVlE

Java, Java EE & SOA Certification Training
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQY0Vha1V3M0lGb0k

java for noobs go from noob to semi noob to noob coder
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQb3p5LVBoeHdvSUE

Java coprehensive by edureka
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQUGVial9KRHliRXc

InfiniteSkills – Creating First-Person Shooter Games with Unity
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQYmxFRmdWLVJNdlE

Infinite Skills – Unity VR Development
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQcmlsZjBtNnJCbjQ
#udemy #courses

C# Intermediate Classes, Interfaces and OOP
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetc2FvdU85QlVGaG8/view

JavaScript Design Patterns 20 Patterns for Expert Code
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetQk5JRVdyVmJrOUE/view

C# Intermediate Classes, Interfaces and OOP
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetc2FvdU85QlVGaG8/view

Javascript ES6! A Complete Reference Guide to Javascript ES6
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetd3FuZUlYV1dhbkE/view

JavaScript for beginners – A Complete Guide
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetOFIxa2JnWGlJYjQ/view

JavaScript Understanding the Weird Parts
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetYm9JcDh1N1ZabFk/view

Accelerated ES6 JavaScript Training
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetUkZ5YUVVdXZXU1E/view

Ultimate Ethical Hacking Boot Camp – Beginner to pro
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0BxoVMfglMT_5RHNtb1NaNGh5UXc

The Complete Java 8 Developer Course
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQVVhUUm5KNUZnMHM

The Complete iOS 10 Developer Course – Build 21 Apps
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQRXliaDhVQjhfNk0

iOS 10 and Swift 3 – From Beginner to Paid Professional
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B70bgg53J5zQQnNVOGZER1BDSlE

[UDEMY] App development with Swift
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1HQDi7EkA9XUlBZQThMYU5pSUk/view

[UDEMY] PHP For Complete Beginners
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B5eJ2fw2iba1N2VjS0UwLTlhMTQ

[UDEMY] C++ From Beginner to Expert
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B5eJ2fw2iba1Z3VvcWtrMGpNVmM

[UDEMY] kali linux complete training program from scratch
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B5eJ2fw2iba1WVJsOFZqQy1yeWs

[UDEMY] Master Object Oriented Design in Java – Homework + Solutions
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNeta2VVcl9lUlBtR1k/view

[UDEMY] PHP for Beginners -Become a PHP Master – Project Included
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetSzZRamNEQXB3a2M/view

[UDEMY] Reverse Engineering and Exploit Development
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5a4h0JxHNetNGtTRzBXT1Q4SlU/view